docs(ad-api): add features of interface and driving state (#115)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/design/autoware-interfaces/ad-api/features/driving.md

# Driving

## Description

The driving feature manages whether the vehicle is driving or can start driving.
The vehicle holds a stop when the state is not DRIVING.
This state is mainly used to show the users whether the vehicle can start driving and to implement an HMI for departure.

> First, the driving state is NOT_READY and changes depending on other states of the vehicle.
> The state becomes READY when it is ready to start driving.
> Next, the state becomes DRIVING if the engage API is called, then the vehicle starts driving.
> Finally, the state returns to NOT_READY when the vehicle arrives at the destination.
> The state can be manually returned to NOT_READY by calling disengage API.

Reviewer: It might be better to change the wording.

```suggestion
The state transition for driving state is illustrated in the diagram below.
In a normal operation, this state will transition as follows:
1. Driving state is initialized as NOT_READY
2. State transitions to READY when Autoware components are launched sucesffuly and is ready to start driving.
3. The state becomes DRIVING if the engage API is called and the vehicle starts driving.
4. When the vehicle reaches to the destination, the state returns to NOT_READY.
5. The state can be manually returned to NOT_READY whenever disengage API is called
First, the driving state is NOT_READY and changes depending on other states of the vehicle.
The state becomes READY when it is ready to start driving.
Next, the state becomes DRIVING if the engage API is called, then the vehicle starts driving.
Finally, the state returns to NOT_READY when the vehicle arrives at the destination.
The state can be manually returned to NOT_READY by calling disengage API.
```

# Driving API

- [/api/driving/state](../list/api/driving/state.md)
- [/api/driving/engage](../list/api/driving/engage.md)

## Description

This API manages whether the vehicle is driving or can start driving.
The user can use this API to check if the vehicle is ready to drive and instruct it to depart.

## States

The state transition for driving state is illustrated in the diagram below.
The vehicle holds a stop when the state is not DRIVING.
During normal operation, the flow of driving state transitions is as follows:

1. Driving state is initialized to NOT_READY.
2. The state transitions to READY when the autonomous system is ready to start driving.
3. The state becomes DRIVING if the engage API is called and the vehicle starts driving.
4. The state returns to NOT_READY when the vehicle reaches its destination.

> 5. The state can be manually returned to NOT_READY by calling the disengage API.

Reviewer 2: How can an HMI system distinguish `arrived` and `disengaged`?
I think it has to know `arrived` and notify people.

Author: `ARRIVED` can be known by route API. The draft is [here](https://tier4.github.io/autoware-documentation/pr-7/design/autoware-interfaces/ad-api/features/route/).

# Driving API

## Description

> The driving feature manages whether the vehicle is driving or can start driving.

Reviewer 3: @isamu-takagi Could you review this comment please? 🙏🏾

> The driving feature manages whether the vehicle is driving or can start driving.

Author: This page is for the feature. I will create a PR for the API page later.

The vehicle holds a stop when the state is not DRIVING.

> This state is mainly used to show the users whether the vehicle can start driving and to implement an HMI for departure.

Author: Line 7 start with `This feature`.

## Driving State

The state transition for driving state is illustrated in the diagram below.
In a normal operation, this state will transition as follows:

> 1. Driving state is initialized as NOT_READY

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Driving state is initialized to NOT_READY
```

> 2. State transitions to READY when Autoware components are launched successfully and is ready to start driving.

Reviewer 3: Reworded sentence to make it clear what is ready to start driving, but please reword if this is not correct.

```suggestion
2. State transitions to READY when all necessary Autoware components have launched successfully and the autonomous system is ready to start driving.
```

> 3. The state becomes DRIVING if the engage API is called and the vehicle starts driving.

Reviewer 3: Is this line referring to an engage API call, or is there an engage API and a separate disengage API?

Author: It's not separated. The engage API has a boolean parameter. It is true for engage and false for disengage.

> 4. When the vehicle reaches to the destination, the state returns to NOT_READY.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. When the vehicle reaches its destination, the state transitions returns to NOT_READY.
```

> 5. The state can be manually returned to NOT_READY whenever disengage API is called

Reviewer 3: Similar to my comment for line 16, is this referring to a disengage API call, or is there a disengage API and a separate engage API?

![driving-state](./driving-state.drawio.svg)

| State     | Description                                       |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------- |

> | NOT_READY | The vehicle cannot start driving for some reason. |

Reviewer 3: Assuming NOT_READY is the opposite of READY, then the description should also be the opposite

```suggestion
| NOT_READY | The vehicle is not ready to start driving. |
```

| READY     | The vehicle is ready to start driving             |

> | DRIVING   | The vehicle is driving toward the destination.    |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| DRIVING   | The vehicle is driving towards the destination.    |
```
